{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red71\green20\blue1;\red102\green177\blue50;\red251\green2\blue7;
\red33\green255\blue6;\red127\green127\blue127;\red127\green0\blue128;\red251\green251\blue255;\red230\green87\blue141;
\red103\green29\blue2;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c35315\c11000\c0;\cssrgb\c46532\c73327\c25364;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;
\cssrgb\c0\c97680\c0;\cssrgb\c57046\c57047\c57046;\cssrgb\c57919\c12801\c57269;\cssrgb\c98824\c98824\c100000;\cssrgb\c93000\c44193\c62103;
\cssrgb\c48452\c16305\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww29520\viewh14360\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 CPU & Power management:
\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone \
	\'95	FakeSMC.kext\
	\'95	Power management \cf3 (ACPI->AddDTGP, FakeLPC)\cf0 \
	\'95	Sleep/Wake/Shutdown/Restart works \cf3 (ACPI->FixHPET, FixIPIC, FixSBUS, FixRTC, FixTMR, FixMutex, AddIMEI, FixWAK (needs ALL USB and Graphics fixes)) \cf4 (instant wake on sleep !!!)\cf0 \

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Graphics
\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone \
	\'95	QE/CI graphic. \cf5 (\cf3 WhateverGreen.kext + Lilu.kext + Devices->Properties->Devices(GPU)->framebuffer-portcount, pipecount, con2-enable, con2-index, patch-enable)\cf0 \
	\'95	Switchable graphics. \cf3 (Disable. SSDT-DDGPU + clover Hotpatches ACPI->DSDT->Patches rename (_REG, HGOF, _INI))\cf0 \
	\'95	\cf6 \strike \strikec6 Graphic External ports (HDMI, DP, VGA)\cf0 \strike0\striked0  \cf7 (???)\cf0 \
	\'95	Fix boot glitches. \cf3 (WhateverGreen.kext + Lilu.kext + GUI->Screen Resolution = 1024x768)\cf0 \
	\'95	\cf6 \strike \strikec6 Retina / HiDPI scaled resolutions.\cf0 \strike0\striked0  \cf7 (???)\cf0 \

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 IO devices
\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone \
	\'95	USB ports. \cf3 (FakePCIID.kext + FakePCIID_XHCIMux.kext)\cf0 \
	\'95	Bluetooth.\cf4  \cf3 (Inject WiFi ID: 
\f2 \cb8 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
0x43a014e4
\f1 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  + 
\f2 \cb8 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
AirportBrcmFixup
\f1 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 .kext
\f2 \cb8 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 + Lilu
\f1 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 .kext
\f2 \cb8 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
)
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
	\'95	Ethernet. \cf3 (RealtekRTL8111.kext)\cf0 \
	\'95	Wifi.\cf4  \cf3 (USB port fixes + BrcmFirmwareRepo.kext + BrcmPatchRAM2.kext)\cf0 \
	\'95	Webcam device.\cf3  (Native with USB patches)\cf0 \
	\'95	Keyboard and trackpad & function keys.\cf4  \cf3 (VoodooPS2Controller.kext)\cf0 \
	\'95	Sata devices. \cf3 (Native) (KernelAndKextPatches->KextsToPatch->Enable TRIM for SSD patch)\cf0 \
	\'95	\cf6 \strike \strikec6 NVMe devices. \cf7 \strike0\striked0 (???)\cf0 \
	\'95	\cf6 \strike \strikec6 Optional Builtin cardreader and Webcam. \cf7 \strike0\striked0 (???)\cf0 \

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Audio
\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone \
	\'95	Audio work: builtin Speaker, mic & external lines. \cf3 (AppleALC.kext + Lilu.kext + (Devices->Properties->Device(HDAU)->layout-id=11) + CodecCommander.kext(LE) + SSDT-ALC283 (applealc) + Boot->darkwake=8)\cf0 \
	\'95	Audio after sleep. \cf3 (Native with Audio fixes)\cf0 \

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Miscellaneous
\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone \
	\'95	Battery status. \cf3 (SSDT-BATT + ACPIBatteryManager.kext + clover Hotpatches ACPI->DSDT->Patches rename (FANG, FANW, CFUN))\cf0 \
	\'95	Screen brightness control in Display Configuration and through keyboard function keys.. \cf3 (SSDT-PNLF + KernelAndKextPatches->KextsToPatch->AppleBacklight patch + AppleBacklightInjector.kext(LE)) \cf9 (brightness keys !)\cf0 \
	\'95	\cf6 \strike \strikec6 Keyboard backlight.\cf0 \strike0\striked0  \cf7 (???)\cf0 \
	\'95	iMessage/FaceTime. \cf7 (???)\
\cf0 	\'95	Fix Intel Power Gadget scale \cf3 (CPU->QPI = 100)\

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \ul \ulc10 Boot Kexts:
\f1\b0 \cf10 \

\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone \'95	FakeSMC.kext\cf11 \
\cf0 \'95	\cf11 WhateverGreen.kext\
\cf0 \'95	\cf11 Lilu.kext\
\cf0 \'95	\cf11 USBInjectAll.kext\
\cf0 \'95	\cf11 RealtekRTL8111.kext\
\cf0 \'95	\cf11 VoodooPS2Controller.kext}